Integration with the new ffc pipeline (#32)
DEFRA/ffc-template-node: README.md

The Open Government Licence (OGL) was developed by the Controller of Her Majesty's Stationery Office (HMSO) to enable information providers in the public sector to license the use and re-use of their information under a common open licence.

It is designed to encourage use and re-use of information freely and flexibly, with only a few conditions.

### FFC-Service-Deploy Pipeline

More information about the pipeline : [FFC-Service-Deploy Pipeline](https://eaflood.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/FAPT/pages/5332500540/Migrating+to+the+new+pipeline)

### Provisioning

> With filling `provision.azure` file with the correct information, the pipeline will create the require resorces automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After updating the `provision.azure` file with the correct information, the pipeline will create the required resources automatically
```

At the moment the following resources provisioning automatically:
- Managed Identity
- PostgreSql Database
- Service Bus Queue
- Service Bus Topic
- Service Bus Subscription

> The permission to the mension resources will automatically grant by the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The permissions to the mentioned resources will be automatically granted by the pipeline.
```
